just need a mattress in a blanket and
who know I don't want to get I don't
want to get like two ghosts impersonal
these guys already know what's going to
happen
the first day of na LCS 2018 I'm joined
right now by Apollo with coverage
presented by Omni slash talking about
you because every split I think maybe
the first weekend maybe the first day I
do an interview where I make a joke
about how you're on yet another team and
you make a joke about how oh yeah maybe
this one will be the one that I stay on
how many teams have you been on now that
you've competed on the LCS so I kinda
lost count but I think it's five or
maybe this is my sixth one yeah I think
this one might be your six you have a
count it counts when you were with
fusion you can't you can't start
counting from after you change your name
open you when you forget Apollo I is
Apollo only competed on these teams is
it is I feel like it is more common for
you to start a split on a different team
than you had been on it is for you to
start one on the one that you've been on
previously well I think I've only was
the team that was on for more than one
split was probably MB I think yeah okay
Coast for more tip was to know Coast I
really good tip was to splits and then
same gravity so it is more likely so
what does that mean for summer it's
really unlikely UNC I hope honestly that
I really hope I stay with clutch being
they're really great yeah
well to be fair it's like your fault
that you're not on Envy because it you
survived when Envy didn't essentially
right yeah so what is it like for you to
does is it exhausting constantly there's
a lot of moving I bet you you've had
that you've lived in a lot of different
places it's not I mean you know the
moving it's not too bad it's just
because I'm not I'm not like I I just
need a mattress in a blanket and who
know I don't want to get I don't want to
get like two dozen personal with these
guys already know what's gonna happen
you look at and essentially you approach
like a hotel room
all right no but I mean how did you end
up on clutch like what happened last
season that ended you up here I I think
it was just like many different players
you know we all or most of us had to
join new teams right and I think me Nick
and lira eventually kind of you know
want to play with each other still and
clutch just seemed to be moving the
quickest and they were doing a really
good job and it felt like a good
organization and yeah and I think
they're proving that as well so do you
think that because I'm sure it is
probably hard for you to sort of build a
momentum when you're constantly
switching teams given that yes you're on
a different team but with a lot of the
core from your previous team do you
think that this will help you kind of
keep the momentum going yeah I mean it
definitely helps and I'm really hoping
that like I guess it's kind of hard to
say I don't really think about it too
much I think I just I just really focus
on my own play and then if I do well
then teams will me if I do well not well
then they probably won't but at this
point I just really want to do well and
I want the team to do all this because
you know just don't want to keep
switching teams it's really annoying
does it feel like Envy no no I think
it's a lot different actually it's just
yeah it's nothing like gonna be at all
really because I think clutch gaming has
done a really good job of bringing like
support staff and we've just been
working with like a lot of different
people compared to MBU is just a lot of
the players talking so yeah it's just I
think it's a lot different and it's it's
good I really like it I took a little
bit of getting used to but I think just
working with so many people and it's a
little bit less stressful in that way
because you just have so many people
wanting you you know wanting you to get
better like helping improve yeah that's
really cool for this for today you beat
golden Guardians so you're already off
on a win a lot of people have been
undervaluing golden Guardians they feel
like they're not particularly good do
you feel like that's the case after
playing them at least serve performance
for today like against them it did seem
like I mean I can kind of tell they're
just gonna be a lower to your team for
now because I think it just the way they
played today I didn't think they'd do
that really what they did very well by
also thinking had to do with their draft
I think they didn't I think unless we
maybe basically I think if we made
mistakes then maybe there Jeff would
work but they didn't have any ways to
like create plays or create
opportunities for themselves but their
drafts
once we got ahead it just kind of looked
like they were just slowly losing and
yeah no problem
I don't know I'm not gonna very safe of
you what is the you know what first off
you guys have a house I assume that is
yes we have a house nice it's nice
everybody keeps talking about clutch and
their like numbers mathematics do you
open up you know League of Legends and
then on the second stream you put our
second screen you feel like calculus and
trigonometry equations and then you're
like all right if I just sort of follow
through this I'll win I actually did
that during the game I just all tabbed
and we're just calculating stuff and
then that's just how that game plays out
with windows calculator no path but I
don't I think there is a lot of talk
about that I know they had some a lot of
like analytics and stuff we haven't
really been working with him too much
it's just I know they're doing that on
their own I guess yeah eventually maybe
they bring that in yeah yeah very cool
so anything that you want to see Apollo
to any of the fans who like me are
watching your tour the world on all
these different teams thank you for
supporting me for all this time I know
it's been kind of difficult but I'm
really hoping that I stick with clutch
gaming and thank you for supporting
clutch gave me as well thank you so much
for the interview
Apollo looking forward to interviewing
you again maybe one clutch for everyone
else you can check out the respect
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey thank you
so much for subscribing to my youtube
channel wait you haven't yet well you
should because these LCS interviews are
brought to you by Omni slash they're
gonna be here all season long so make
sure you subscribe